Update index.mdx to resolve ValueError (#10564)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/django/index.mdx

>   How to name transactions showing up in Sentry tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  How to name transactions that show up in Sentry tracing.
```
